# Miércoles 01/04/2020

## WORK
- Reunión seguimiento comite del cambio.
- Presentación elastic. 
- Investigando sobre RASA.
- Kubernetes y sawtooth


## BLOGS

-  The Dictator’s Guide: Managing Remote Teams During COVID-19 : https://medium.com/@SteveGlaveski/the-dictators-guide-to-managing-remote-teams-during-covid-19-765ff6065b9d

  

## Book: Infrastructure as Code, 2nd Edition.

- Chapter 2. What is Infraestructure as Code. [notas](./notas/Infrastructure_as_Code_2nd.md)

- Chapter 3. Infrastructure Platforms.
- Chapter 4. Core Practice: Define everything as code.



## (Book) The Phoenix Project

**CHAPTER 19. Tuesday, September 23**

- Solving any complex business problem requires teamwork, and teamwork requires trust. Lencioni teaches that showing vulnerability helps create a foundation for that.
- I’m pretty sure we don’t do any sort of analysis of capacity and demand before we accept work. Which means we’re always scrambling, having to take shortcuts, which means more fragile applications in production. Which means more unplanned work and firefighting in the future. So, around and
  around we go.”
  To my surprise, Erik interrupts. “Well put, Bill. You’ve just described ‘technical debt’ that is not being paid down. It comes from taking shortcuts, which may make sense in the short-term. But like financial debt, the compounding interest costs grow over time. If an organization doesn’t pay down its technical debt, every calorie in the organization can be spent just paying interest, in the form of unplanned work.”
- “Unplanned work has another side effect. When you spend all your time firefighting, there’s little time
  or energy left for planning. When all you do is react, there’s not enough time to do the hard mental work of figuring out whether you can accept new work. So, more projects are crammed onto the plate, with fewer cycles available to each one, which means more bad multitasking, more escalations from poor code, which mean more shortcuts.



**CHAPTER 20. Friday, September 26**

- “Obviously,” he continues, “every work center is made up of four things: the machine, the man, the method, and the measures. Suppose for the machine, we select the heat treat oven. The men are the two people required to execute the predefined steps, and we obviously will need measures based on the outcomes of executing the steps in the method.”
- “Good,” he says. “You’re standardizing Brent’s work so that other people can execute it. And because you’re finally getting those steps documented, you’re able to enforce some level of consistency and quality, as well. You’re not only reducing the number of work centers where Brent is required, you’re generating documentation that will enable you to au tomate some of them.”
- He interrupts himself, saying, “Well, to be more accurate, you’re actually building a bill of resources. That’s the bill of materials along with the list of the required work centers and the routing. Once you have that, along with the work orders and your resources, you’ll finally be able to get a handle on what your capacity and demand is. This is what will enable you to finally know whether you can accept new work and then actually be able to schedule the work.”
- “Mike Rother says that it almost doesn’t matter what you improve, as long as you’re improving something. Why? Because if you are not improving, entropy guarantees that you are actually getting worse, which ensures that there is no path to zero errors, zero work-related accidents, and zero loss.”
- “Rother calls this the Improvement Kata,” he continues. “He used the word kata, because he understood that repetition creates habits, and habits are what enable mastery.