# Jueves 26/03/2020

## WORK

- Documentación de sistemas.

- Puebas de despliegue de red completa de sawtooth.

- Azure container registry.

  

## Blogs

- Rebuilding Internet for the Post Pandemic Political Economy. https://medium.com/the-capital/rebuilding-internet-for-the-post-pandemic-political-economy-e41bba015507
- https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/kubernetes-comic/



## Webinar

- **AIOps, inteligencia artificial para las operaciones IT.** (Dynatrace) (30')
  - High fidelity data -- MApped end-to-end -- Deterministic AI -- Answers + Action
    - Automated problem detection.
    - Business impact determined.
    - Automated root cause analysis.
    - No alert storms
    - Trigger self healing.

- Principios de causalidad.  Correlacion vs Causalidad. Podemos usar los algoritmos de causalidad porque tenemos un modelo del contexto .... 



## Workshop

**Treating Your Pipeline as a Product - Full Day Workshop

https://www.slideshare.net/ManuelPais/treating-your-pipeline-as-a-product-full-day-workshop

[NOTAS](./notas/Workshop_Treating_your_pipeline_as_a_product.md)

## (Book) The Phoenix Project

**CHAPTER 16, Thursday, September 18**

Suspecting that I may be losing Steve, I start again. “The chaotic way we currently work, Brent is having to fix the punctured hulls almost every day. I’m pretty sure, though, that Brent is one of the main reasons
the hull is punctured in the first place. It’s not malicious, of course, but it’s just a side effect of the way we work and fix outages here.”

**CHAPTER 17, Monday, September 22**

Nada interesante ...

**CHAPTER 18, Tuesday, September 23.**

I’ve learned in the last month. One is that IT matters. IT is not just a department that I can delegate away. IT is smack in the middle of every major company effort we have and is critical to almost every aspect of daily operations.”

“A great team doesn’t mean that they had the smartest people. What made those teams great is that everyone trusted one another. It can be a powerful thing when that magic dynamic exists.



